---
layout: post
CRA-DREU-- Izabella Rodrigues: Week 3 
---
R. Luke Du Bois 
This was my first week in person at The Ability Lab at NYU's Tandon School of Engineering. I finally connected with R. Luke Du Bois and got to nerd out at the ITP Audio Lab/ Synth Lab. I feel like we really clicked which was exciting and he was able to offer a different perspective and insite on the project. He gave me resources to reach out to to help the research project go along. I also found that he is quite and important figure in the analogue music, synth, and experimental music world, so just having his name on an email chain can help things move along. The connections that he has are really invaluable. 

ITP Audio Lab/ Synth Lab 
When in the audio lab this week we talked about how differnt synthesizers have been adapted in the past to meet the needs of blind individuals. 

Oscilloscope 
Something that I was able to absolutely nerd out about that was in the audio lab was digital and analogue oscilloscopes. I can't wait to get to use them some more over the course of this research project. It's a little bit tangential to the project, but I have always had a love for audio and this definitely satisfies that craving. I hope to be able to understand more deeply what an analogue oscilloscope does. An oscilloscope excited me in music the same way a polairoscope excites me in glass. 

Post Undergraduate Plans
I feel like talking here on my blog about post grad plans is completely relevant to the DREU, but if it's not then just ignore this piece. 
I made a connection with someone from C&C and was able to meet up with her via zoom. She is starting as Adjunct Faculty at NUS in Fall of 2025 and is looking for students to come work with her. I love NUS and found that a lot of her research was interesting and overlapped quite nicely with mine. We talked about potential PhD programs and I think I'm going to compile a list of potentially interesting programs here: 
- I-schools
- Univeristy of Michigan School of Information 
- Cornell Information Science
- HCDE: Human Centered Design and Engineering
- DisCoTec: The Disability Community Technology Center-- Through UNC Charlotte and Virginia Tech
- Stanford CCRMA: Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics (Ge Wang) 
- 
