---
layout: post
CRA-DREU-- Izabella Rodrigues: Week 2 and 3 
---

I was a little bit slow into figuring out how to do these posts and use GitHub, so I am going to write about I was doing in the past weeks of research. 

Because my advisor was out of town, and because I was egar to start research, I began by reading... a lot. From May 20-31 I was beginning to situate my project and contextualize it within other research. 

On Monday May 20 and Tuesday May 21, I built the teenage engineering Pocket Operator Modular 400 Modular Synthesizer with Sequencer and was toying around with all of the modules and patches I could create. I didn't really make anything that awesome but it was such a great opportunity for learning to be able to sit infront of the synth for two days by myself and figure some thigns out. 

The rest of the week and next I did some reading and research. These were some of the most interesting and relevant: 

- watched "algorave generation"
- read "heavy-lifting"'s website (who is a very talented live coder)
- watched "Making Music with CODE?! (With DJ_Dave and Sam Aaron)" on YouTube which detailed a lot of the differences of differernt live coding tools and platforms
- read Marianne Teixido on GitHub 
- read "Don't Touch My Midi Cables" by Joanne Armitage et al.
- watched "Repurposing Disposable Vape Batteries: The Why, The How, and the Vape Synth" and read more about the Elf Synth
- read "Disability Aesthetics" by Tobin Siebers
- read "Open Circuits: The Inner Beauty of Electronic Components" by Eric Schlaepfer and Windell H. Oskay
- read "Disability Visability" by Alice Wong
- read "Against Technoabelism" by Ashley Shew
- read _Designing While Blind: Nonvisual Tools and Inclusive Workflows for Tactile Graphics_ by Lauren Race et al.
- read _Interdependent Variables: Remotely Designing Tactile Graphics for an Accessible Workflow_ by Lilian de Greef et al.
- read _SHARP: Exploring Version Control Systems in Live Coding Music_ by Daniel Manesh et al. 

Furthermore, I did some planning for what a potential tactile zine or workbook could look like. The group of us at FMDG music school think the students would be really engaged with this project especially if the skills resulted in them being able to make some electronic and more contemporary music. When Matthew did a little demo of the teenage engineering modular synth the students were really engaged, entrigued, and excited about it. I think something to keep in mind would be some kind of "meow" or cat filter for the thing. I think this synth could be a really interesting and engaging way for beginner students to engage with basic ideas in music technology and electronic circuitry. 
